chore: document OIDC additional scopes (#835)
coder/docs: admin/access-control/index.md

If you do not have values for any of these parameters, you can obtain them from
your OIDC provider.

Optionally, you can specify **Additional Scopes** that Coder should request from
the authentication provider. By default, Coder requests the scopes `openid`,
`email`, and `profile`. Consult the documentation for your authentication

> provider for information on which additional scopes are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider for information on which additional scopes they support.
```
